Please share your designs with me I would love to give you feedback using the common tool here and help
you out with your design if you have any questions at all after designing all of these.
And after going through the video if you click this sure icon here you can share this with friends and
colleagues in the design files that you want.
Or if you'd like to share with me just type in Callebaut bit brain spin dot com here.
And then you can choose for me to just view if you'd like.
And if I have view access I still have the ability to comment and give you feedback without going in
and messing up your design.
I'm excited to see your design and to see the things that makes sense to you and what doesn't make sense
to you.
And I would love to help you out beyond this course.
Now when you do click on the share icon you can share to multiple people this way or you can copy a
link and share it through a text or e-mail and you can also embed this design directly inside of a blog.
So if you enable public access here it will make it viewable by everybody and it will give you some
code that you can embed inside of Wordpress or any other blog that you want to share.
So when somebody logs into your web site they can see this design.
And even as you update the design it will show on your blog as well.